# Reflection for our milestone 2 submission

Our dashbboard has incorporated even more features than we planned on. Currently, it has a filter to select the traits, a tentative weight assignment system for those traits, 2 plots showing the total score the top 5 breeds get as well as a plot showing the popularity of those 5 breeds over the past few years and a table with the trait scores and their values. Some known issues so far are the weights not correctly affecting the total score due to positive and negative traits both having the same metric (we want to make the negative weights negatively affect the score) and hyperlinks to more information on the dog breeds not implemented yet.

We think that our dashboard does a good, rudimentary recommendation for a dog breed that would best fit potential owners if they know what they want. This can be improved on in the future by creating more specific weight tuning and potentially even creating trait and weight presets that correspond to certain living conditions. For example, we could automatically recommend small dog breeds and dogs that do not have a lot of energy for those living in a smaller place, such as an apartment. We could also give more information about the breeds that are selected in the top 5 by implementing hyperlinks to facts about the dog breeds and in the future even show links to local animal shelters/pet adoption databases that would help users find that breed of dog to actually adopt once it is recommended to them. This would require some disclaimers and some polishing of the algorithm first as we do not want to recommend people dog breeds that do not fit with their lifestyles or living habits. Futher improvements could include a more polished looking dashboard by implementing CSS styling and using A/B testing with volunteers to determine which dashboard format is most liked by users.