# Reflection for Milestone 4 submissions

Our dashboard started as a prototype application that allowed the user to filter specific dog traits, adjust the weights for said traits and then receive a recommendation as to which breeds of dogs would be the best fits for them. For our milestone 2 submission, we implemented the features mentioned above and added in a few new ones, such as a yearly ranking plot, a dataframe showing the specific trait values for each selected dog breed and a way to view images of the dog breeds after they have been recommended. For our milestone 4 submission, we added in and fixed some issues with the milestone 2 release. We added a "suprise me" button to give a random recommendation for a dog, a filtered table showing only traits that had been selected (as opposed to showing all of the traits regardless if they had been selected or not), a back end fix to the scoring calculation to properly adjust trait values according to the weights, a front end fix to make the plots easier to read by changing the color scheme and lastly another front end fix to make the plots and tables larger to eliminate the need for scrolling to see everything. For the R version of the app, we were not able to implement any improvements due to the time constraint. 

The python app is working completely as intended now, with all features doing what we expect them to do. The R version however does still have some issues, like the weights not correctly adjusting the score for selected traits. Also, the R version does not show images of the dogs from interactive with the recommendation graph like the python version does, nor does the app use the favicon asset. Apart from those few issues/differences, the R version of the app is working as intended. 

Some future improvements for the R version would be updating it to match the python version as closely as possible and fixing the current known issues mentioned above. Future improvements for the python app would be similar to those mentioned in milestone 2, like showing nearby animal shelter listing of the top dog breeds selected or implementing a recommendation based on selectable living conditions (i.e selecting a small apartment living condition would recommend small dog breeds). Futher improvements could also be make visually for both apps, which could be done using CSS and more HTML formatting.